♪ I see it clear ♪
♪ The stairway reaching
up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
♪♪
♪ Tell me something, how much
higher can we go from here ♪
♪ We're changing the game ♪
♪ And they all wanna know
if this is only a phase ♪
♪ Don't have the answer
but we keep on climbing ♪
♪ Breaking boundaries
and setting the pace ♪
♪ And we ain't
never gonna stop ♪
♪ Until the world's our stage ♪
♪ Yeah, you might say
that it's impossible ♪
♪ But we are stronger together,
we'll turn it into probable ♪
♪ And in the darkest shadows
we'll be shining, unh ♪
♪ So hold on tight 'cause we KO
every single fight ♪
♪ I see it clear ♪
♪ The stairway reaching
up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
♪ No turning back ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪♪
♪ I'm not gonna fall ♪
♪ I'll rise 'till
I reach the sky ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
[ Eagle screeches ]
Khun: [ Laughs ]
Come on, don't tell me
you haven't noticed.
[ All gasp ]
Woman: There were two crowns
the whole time?
That was really smart.
In order for them to win,
they needed to acquire
the crown first.
Then after that,
Bam could sit on the throne.
But once Bam got his hands
on the crown,
there was no telling
if they could defend him
from everyone attacking
all at once.
So Khun distracted
the other teams,
that way Bam could sit safely
on the throne with the crown.
How is this
even happening?
There are multiple crowns?
Where did all those crowns
come from?
Shibisu: Obviously, that bag has
the power to copy things.
After he acquired the crown,
he copied it.
He created a fake
and threw it to his opponents.
Here!
[ All gasp ]
Lozeal: Who do you think you
are, mocking us like that?
Catan:
You can't be serious.
It's unforgivable.
Wake up, people!
You know what to do.
We'll start by
killing that blue-haired kid.
Let's bring him down together!
All: Yeah!
[ Chuckles ]
Don't you dare
touch my pride!
♪♪
Toss!
[ All scream ]
[ All groaning ]
You stupid turtles.
Hmph.
Khun:
That's one victory down.
[ Bell tolls ]
Lero Ro: The third round
is now officially over.
Huh, you know what,
those guys might really
have a chance at winning if --
Huh? Wh--
You're ignoring me?
We are currently accepting
any and all participants
for the fourth round.
-Only two games left, huh?
-[ Laughs ]
It's going to be
a piece of cake.
[ Humming ]
It's funny.
Those guys seem to believe
they can actually win.
Should we press
our buzzer?
Hmm.
Not just yet.
Let them dream
a little longer.
♪♪
Now the real game will begin.
[ Rak munching ]
Hey, there,
blue turtle.
That bag of yours
can make unlimited amounts
of chocolate bars,
right?
My bag can do a whole lot
more than that.
Still, a bag that can copy
chocolate is pretty amazing.
It's amazing
it can copy anything.
Huh?
[ Grunts ]
You know what?
You're a real little
brat, blue turtle.
What?
You just wanted
to have a chance
to show off that bag,
didn't you?
No, you idiot.
I simply wanted to show
that lizard girl
that she should
never underestimate us.
Nice going.
[ Bell tolls ]
Lero Ro:
The fourth round has begun.
Well, look at that.
Only three teams.
I'll hunt them down
in half a second.
Please don't.
Huh?
Wait. Why not?
Why, Khun?
Because I think it's best
if our team
takes a break now.
[ Gasping ]
A break?
What are you talking about?
Our strongest opponents
are going to come out
in the final round.
That's all we need
to worry about.
-But --
-I have a suggestion.
Woman: What is it?
Inoa: How about if we form
a temporary alliance?
Then we could bring them down
instantly.
Do you hear
what those guys are saying?
Yeah, I'm sure it'll be
just fine.
Really?
We'll fight
fair and square
after we've taken
the crown.
What do you say?
-What should we do?
-Hm.
Good idea.
I wouldn't want
to waste any time on --
Hey, what was that?
Were you not listening just now?
[ Groaning ]
Red Hair.
Huh?
♪♪
[ Chants indistinctly ]
[ Groaning ]
What'd you do that for?
[ Gasps ]
See?
I told you there was
no reason for us to fight now.
So, wait,
are you saying
that you knew
this was going to happen?
Of course I knew
it would happen.
They are on our side,
after all.
[ All shouting ]
Do you remember
the first test that we did
when we narrowed it down
from 400 Regulars to 200?
Yeah.
That rule was stupid.
It was total bullshit.
So I gathered up some allies,
and I put them in my bag.
I told them, "I'll put you
in my bag and carry you.
I promise I'll get you past
the test if you promise me
you'll lend me
your strength."
Anyway, meeting all of you
in the field on that day
and the team-building test
that came afterward
were pretty unexpected.
The three guys
inside my bag
were enough
to make up their own team,
and one day the test
administrator noticed.
You seem to always be
dragging around
quite a heavy burden
with you, Khun.
I decided I should let them
out of the bag.
Then I explained the situation
to them during the break.
Me tying my hair up with
this blue bandana
was the signal for them
to come and help me.
You were doing
all of that?
I never noticed.
Of course not.
If you see the ace up my sleeve,
the game's done.
Rak: Clever turtle.
You know, you're ruining
my hunting time.
Gator, don't worry.
You can go wild later.
[ Thinking ] Don't think
you can trick me
with your silly little...
[ Munching ]
[ Laughs ]
♪♪
The truth is, I didn't want
to have to use them just yet.
However...
I can't.
Yuri entrusted this to me,
and I'll return it to her
myself.
[ Thinking ]
We have to win this game.
I'm sorry.
It's my fault.
I told you, it's not that.
I just want to win is all.
Really. I want to climb
the tower with you guys.
Thanks, Khun.
Black Turtle.
I can't wait to hunt you down
once you're stronger.
What? You're still planning
on hunting me down?
Lero Ro:
All of the current challengers
have been incapacitated
or disqualified.
As a result, the fourth round
goes to Bam, Khun, and Rak.
If you'd like to participate
in the final round...
These guys are so cool,
calm, and collected.
Hm?
Hey, there, Anaak.
Are you getting nervous
because you think
you might lose your little bet?
Shut up.
[ Muffled ] Stop.
You're crushing me.
That hurts. Let go.
As expected, enough teams
elected to participate
in this round
even without a countdown.
Rak: Good heavens. I smell some
strong turtles for this round.
Khun: But you're confident
in your skills, right?
I couldn't be
more excited.
I'm counting on you.
Bam,
what's the matter?
Oh, I spaced out.
I'm sorry.
Hmm?
It looks like they're from
another testing area.
Bam: Yeah.
[ Thinking ]
I know more or less
how strong
the other teams are,
but these guys
are a total mystery.
Lero Ro: Like it or not,
this is the final round.
Which team
will claim the crown?
Without further ado,
let the game begin.
Come on, turtles!
Come and get --
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
...me?
Huh?
♪♪
Oh, great.
So you're on their side as well?
[ Thudding, grunting ]
[ Yawns ]
♪♪
Gator.
I'm on it.
♪♪
Quit scurrying around!
Bam, no!
♪♪
Aren't you embarrassed to be
walking around like that
in a unitard?
♪♪
What the heck
is going on here?
Gator,
stay next to Bam, please.
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
Look alive.
Don't get distracted.
Your opponents are
right over here.
Ha! This is what
I've been waiting for.
Rachel: It'll be okay.
Please don't worry.
We won't
steal the crown.
[ Thinking ]
That voice -- Rachel?
♪♪
Rachel.
Hey, is that you, Rachel?
♪♪
Rach--
Rak: First comes Rak,
then Rak again.
Hey, Blue Turtle,
did you bribe that
pathetic fluttering turtle too?
No.
They came from
a different testing area.
I don't have time for that.
Alright, then.
Take this!
Why in the world are
they interested in helping us?
I don't know,
but I'll say this...
...they're clearly not
interested
in acquiring the crown.
[ Thinking ] I have no idea
why they're helping us.
Huh?
What is clear now --
this game...
...is definitely ours.
You cannot pass.
You will die here.
♪♪
[ Thinking ]
How infuriating.
♪♪
Before you die, I'm going
to remove that mask
and destroy
the rest of your face.
I have to know --
are you Rachel?
Is that why
you're helping me?
[ Thinking ]
If you are Rachel,
what's the point
of continuing this game?
Why would I climb the tower
if you're right here?
I'm sorry,
but playtime is over.
♪♪
Hurry up and die already.
[ Gasps ]
Khun: Bam!
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Rachel!
No, stop, Bam!
Don't move!
[ Thinking ]
The crown is gone.
♪♪
No, don't!
[ Grunts ]
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
[ Thinking ]
I'm sorry, Khun.
Damn it.
Rak.
Black turtle!
But I...
I have to...
I have to protect Rachel.
♪♪
I made a promise.
What?
Wait, is that Shinsu?
♪♪
Black March: Oh, my.
You've lost control.
♪♪
First, be delighted
by our reunion.
Second, go to sleep.
♪♪
Rachel: Bam. Bam!
Yuri: Seriously,
what's going on?
I don't understand why the path
to the floor of tests
has to be
so complicated.
Evan: Because the path
hasn't been cleared yet.
Besides, why would you pick
a fight with Evankhell
by going
to the floor of tests anyway?
I think it's time
for me to look into
getting a more competent guide
who isn't so whiny.
Miss Yuri!
Huh?
I checked it out,
and he was right.
It looks like we can probably
go that other way.
Then let's hurry up
already.
You really want to see
the newbie that bad, huh?
How come?
You'll understand
once you meet him.
Okay.
[ Thinking] This is no time
to get distracted
by a pretty face,
Miss Yuri.
That boy's power
is much too dangerous.
Hansung: Go on.
So then the Crown Game ended.
Yes, to everyone's
great surprise,
the game ended
without a winner.
And after all that,
the crown was destroyed.
When it was over,
the regulars were more exhausted
than I expected them
to be,
so I gave them
a three-day break.
Must have been difficult.
Oh, no.
Would you like a drink?
Um...
You came to discuss something,
didn't you?
Lero Ro: You're quite serious
about your beverages.
I recommend my
special cafe latte.
[ Thinking ]
Instant coffee?
So, what did you
want to discuss?
Lero Ro: Well, I was wondering
if you could tell me
the real reason
you asked me
instead of someone else
to run the Crown Game.
It was because of Quant.
Yes, I heard about how Quant
cut his test short,
but I'm not asking
about that.
I'm asking about
what your intentions were.
I mean,
it's rather strange.
If you run the tests
the way Quant does
just because you want
to get things over with quickly,
then you would have the trio
that cause problems
at the other testing area
move on to another floor
before Evankhell
could find out.
In that case,
they would have gone reckless
and fought for the crown.
But in the end,
they expressed no interest
in acquiring the crown
for themselves.
What are you
trying to say?
Apparently one of
their team members
had previously met
one of my examinees.
The rules state very clearly
that acquaintances
are not allowed to participate
in the same test.
That's what Headon decided
from the beginning.
So if it was your goal to begin
with that, then --
Why do you think it is
that we administer these tests
in the first place?
What?
You think the only reason
is so we can determine
who was worthy enough
to climb the tower?
Not at all.
Our job is to expel those
who have thoughts or powers
that could potentially
bring harm to the tower.
Okay, but why are you
bringing this up now?
Do any of your current examinees
meet that criteria?
♪♪
No, not really.
Okay, then.
If you understand that,
then you understand
the reasoning behind running
the Crown Game.
Am I wrong?
♪♪
I should
be going now.
♪♪
Test administrator.
What is it?
Have you ever seen someone
who hasn't
previously formed a contract
with a Guardian
manipulate Shinsu
without any constraints?
If they did, that would violate
the tower's laws.
But I have heard there are
certain individuals
who are like that.
Urek Mazino, for example.
He's an Irregular.
Yes, interesting.
♪♪
That one's trouble,
though in a different way
than Quant is.
[ Thinking ] Did he dodge my
question or did I hit a nerve?
What I witnessed was far beyond
simply being able
to control Shinsu.
It was like Bam was becoming
Shinsu itself.
That actually could be
a threat to the tower.
Oh, you're a fool, Lero Ro.
You fell so easily
for everything
the test administrator said.
♪♪
[ Thinking ]
Will Bam ever wake up?
I wonder.
[ Speaking ] Hey,
you'd better wake up soon.
The test starts tomorrow.
If you don't take it,
then you're going
to be disqualified.
[ Chiming ]
Hello.
You're that...
♪♪
My name is Rachel.
I have a request.
♪♪
♪ Where you going? ♪
♪ It's hard to keep up ♪
♪ You're moving so fast
leaving me behind ♪
♪ Give me an hour,
that's all I need ♪
♪ It's now or never,
I'm running out of time ♪
♪ The seconds are relentless ♪
♪ I'm helpless as
they keep flying by ♪
♪ Stuck here in the desert ♪
♪ I feel like
I'm in an hourglass ♪
♪ Maybe I can stay and be
comfortable living in the past ♪
♪ But I don't wanna be alone
so can you take me to you now? ♪
♪ Too fast, I try to follow,
but I'm losing hope ♪
♪ We used to walk together
down this winding road ♪
♪ But you're so far ahead it
seems impossible to catch up ♪
♪ And now I'm walking on my way,
all alone ♪
♪ Feeling so cold ♪
♪ Not getting anywhere,
I feel like I'm in slow mode ♪
♪ Used to be a winner ♪
♪ Everything was all
black and white ♪
♪ Now I'm bottom of the pile,
a dusty photo ♪
♪ I'm afraid I'm gonna be left
stranded by myself ♪
♪ All the foolish dreams I had
inside of me are broken ♪
♪ Everything I wanted in
the distance out of reach ♪
♪ Am I the only one that's gon'
stay forgetting, ayy ♪
♪♪